so she is originally a nigiri style
which is sliced fish on top of rice
therefore learning how to slice and
prepare the pieces of fish is very
important more than anything else this
video is showing how to do this task
prior to slicing the fish for nigiri
sushi you will need to break down and
trim the fillet to make it the best size
to slice off cutting a big fish into
smaller blocks is known as Sokka Dory
which makes it easier to slice into
pieces also what's the video about how
to break down the whole fish for more in
detail the majority of the nigiri
recipes requires slices of fish which
are about 3 inch long 1 inch wide and
quarter inch thick but judge yourself
when it comes to how thick you want to
cut for example if the fish is chewy
thinner slice will be better if it's
very tender cut it thicker to take the
advantage of the texture of the material
all the fish has the grain within its
meat when you slice off basically you
need to cut against the grain
if you cut with the grain the whole long
grain will stays in a piece of sliced
fish which makes it chewy especially if
it's a hard senior like in tuna so
trying to cut across the grain so that
the short pieces of tissue is connected
to the grain which makes it nicer
texture the exception can be set only
for the fish with softer and fragile
flesh if you cut against the grain the
meat can be easily broken apart
so in that case cut with the grain to
help the tissue keep firmly attached
when you slice off the block with the
opposite direction of grain you will be
harder to cut if you change the
direction of your knife so change the
direction of the fish instead
place the block with the skin side down
the tail-end usually has more senior so
if it is too chewy
chop it off starting from the tail end
use your knife to determine the angles
to adjust the desired size when you
stand the blade up it will make a
narrower piece
if the blade is flattened it will make
the wider piece
on the other hand when you set the knife
blade in arrow to the cutting edge you
will slice the shorter piece if he said
wider it will make the piece longer
the width and the thickness of the
trains block are not always even all the
way to the end so you need to
continually adjust the angles as you
work
make the initial cut using the full
length of the blade from the heel to the
tip in one motion once the knife almost
reached the skin side stand at the blade
to cut straight down this motion creates
the deeper cutting edge which looks
nicer
the more you practice the more evenly
you will be able to cut off each slice
of piece
you